Who is Oliver Cowdery?

Who wrote the Book of Mormon?

How do the Bible and Book of Mormon work together?

Where did the Book of Mormon happen?

Where is the Hill Cumorah?

What archaeological proof is there for the Book of Mormon?

Where did we get the Book of Abraham?

How long did it take to translate the Book of Mormon?

How was the Book of Mormon translated?

What was the Book of Commandments?

Why aren’t the Lectures on Faith in the Doctrine and Covenants any more?

Where do we learn about the temple in the scriptures?

Why do we need to serve missions?

Did the Three Witnesses leave the Church?

What is the Joseph Smith Translation?

What led to the Church discontinuing polygamy?

What led to the revelation on the priesthood in 1978?

How many women are in the Book of Mormon?

Did Emma Smith leave the Church?

What is the covenant path?

How can we draw unto Christ?

Why is the Book of Mormon the most correct book?

Did Paul write the Epistle to the Hebrews?

When did the Apostasy happen?

Why did the Apostasy happen?

What do we think about the Catholic Church?

Why did we choose Utah?

How many prophets have there been?

What makes “scripture” scripture?

What is the Promised Land?

What is the Book of Mormon?

Who was Joseph Smith?

Doesn’t the Bible say we can’t have more scripture?

Do you believe in faith and works?

What do you believe about the Catholic Church?

What do you believe about the Reformers?

Do you worship Joseph Smith?

Did anyone see the Gold Plates?

Why did you guys have more than one wife?

Do you still practice polygamy?

Why don’t you drink or smoke?

What happens in your temples?

Do you really baptize dead people?

What do Mormons believe?

Why do you serve missions?

Do you not believe in hell?

How much do your leaders get paid?

How are your leaders picked?

Why do I have to be baptized to be Mormon?

Why can’t I go to my friend’s wedding?

Do Mormons believe in the Bible?

How did you guys end up in Utah?

Didn’t you not baptize people of African descent?

Why do you believe in a planet called Kolob?

Why does the Book of Mormon have a musical?

Do you believe that you’ll get your own planet one day?

What’s the Salamander Letter?

Why do you not give women your priesthood?

Isn’t your church rich?

Don’t you read the Book of Mormon instead of the Bible?

Why was Joseph Smith killed?

Why did Joseph marry a teenager?

Why didn’t Joseph show anyone else the plates?

Is the Book of Mormon historical?

What do we do about Deutero-Isaiah in the Book of Mormon?

What is View of the Hebrews?

Why do people think Solomon Spaulding wrote the Book of Mormon?

What is the First Book of Napoleon?

What is The Late War?

Did Joseph Smith plagiarize from Adam Clarke?

How was the Church involved in the Mountain Meadows Massacre?

Did Brigham Young have Joseph Smith killed?

How do we deal with Jesus Christ being known by the Nephites by name?

Is the Book of Mormon racist?

Don’t Egyptologists say that the Book of Abraham is wrong?

Did the Church hide the different accounts of the First Vision?

Did the Church hide that Joseph Smith used a seer stone?

Isn’t the Church just a big corporation today?

Was there really a global flood?

Why did I have to serve a mission?

Doesn’t DNA disprove the Book of Mormon?

Hasn’t the Church hidden its history?

Doesn’t the temple copy stuff from Freemasons?

Why do we pay tithing if the Church has so much money?

Why would God appear to some kid like Joseph Smith?

Why is the church so patriarchal?

Why is the Church so against LGBTQ people?

Wasn’t Joseph super-involved with magic and digging for treasure?

Doesn’t the Book of Mormon plagiarize the Bible a bunch?

Was Brigham Young actually a prophet?
